Update USAGE Docs, main README, and reorder citations (#77)
nf-core/funcscan: docs/usage.md

## Introduction

nf-core/funcscan is a pipeline for efficient and parallelised screening of long nucleotide sequences such as contigs for possible natural products sequences. It targets antimicrobial peptides, antimicrobial resistance genes, and biosynthetic clusters.

> 

Author: Good question... @jasmezz would have to answer that, but I'm pretty sure antisMASH does a lot of different things: [`secondary metabolite biosynthetic gene clusters` these are presumably not solely antimicrobial?](https://academic.oup.com/nar/article/39/suppl_2/W339/2507123)

"Microbial secondary metabolites offer great potential for the development of new medicines. They belong to a wide variety of chemical classes, and many of them have cholesterol-lowering, anti-tumor or antibiotic activities."

" It can rapidly detect all known classes of secondary metabolite biosynthesis gene clusters, provide detailed NRPS/PKS functional annotation, and predict the chemical structure of NRPS/PKS products with higher accuracy than existing methods."

```console
sample,fasta
sample_1,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nf-core/test-datasets/funcscan/wastewater_metagenome_contigs_1.fasta.gz
sample_2,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nf-core/test-datasets/funcscan/wastewater_metagenome_contigs_2.fasta.gz
```

| Column   | Description                                                                                                                                                |
| -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `sample` | Custom sample name. This will be used to name all output files from the pipeline. Spaces in sample names are automatically converted to underscores (`_`). |
| `fasta`  | Full path to a gzipped or uncompressed FASTA file. Accepted file suffixes are: `.fasta`, `.fna`, or `.fa`, or any of these with `.gz`, e.g. `.fa.gz`.      |

An [example samplesheet](../assets/samplesheet.csv) has been provided with the pipeline.

## Databases and reference files

> nf-core/funcscan utilises various tools that use databases and reference files to generate results. While nf-core/funcscan offers in some cases functionality to autodownload databases for you, these databases can be very large, and it is more efficient to store these files in a central place and can be reused across pipeline runs.

Reviewer: from where they can be reused across pipeline runs.

> nf-core/funcscan utilises various tools that use databases and reference files to generate results. While nf-core/funcscan offers in some cases functionality to autodownload databases for you, these databases can be very large, and it is more efficient to store these files in a central place and can be reused across pipeline runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nf-core/funcscan utilises various tools that use databases and reference files to generate results. While nf-core/funcscan offers in some cases functionality to autodownload databases for you, these databases can be very large, and it is more efficient to store these files in a central place from where they can be reused across pipeline runs.
```

Here we will describe where you can obtain databases and reference files for tools included in the pipeline.

### hmmsearch

nf-core/funcscan allows screening of sequences for various natural product types via hidden markov models with HMMSearch.

This requires supplying a list of HMM model files ending in `.hmm`, that have models for the particular molecule(s) you are interested in.

You can download such files from places such as [https://pfam.xfam.org/](https://pfam.xfam.org/) for antimicrobial peptides (AMP), or the antiSMASH github repository for [biosynthetic gene cluster](https://github.com/antismash/antismash/tree/master/antismash/detection/hmm_detection/data) related HMM models

> You should place all of these in a directory and can be supplied e.g. for AMP models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should place all of these in a directory and supply them e.g. to AMP models
```
or fix the connection in some other way (between "place .. these" and "[they] can be supplied")

```bash
--amp_hmmsearch_models '/<path>/<to>/<amp>/*.hmm'
```

### DeepARG

DeepARG requires a database of potential antimicrobial resistence gene sequences, based on a consensus from UNIPROT, CARD and ARDB.

> nf-core/funcscan can download this database for you, however it is very slow and pipeline runtime will be imporved if you download this separately and supply it to the pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nf-core/funcscan can download this database for you, however it is very slow and pipeline runtime will be improved if you download this separately and supply it to the pipeline.
```
typo

```console
work                # Directory containing the nextflow working files
<OUTDIR>            # Finished results in specified location (defined with --outdir)
.nextflow_log       # Log file from Nextflow
# Other nextflow hidden files, eg. history of pipeline runs and old logs.
```

By default, no screening workflows for any of the natural product types will be executed. However, when activating a given screening workflow, all tools within the workflow will be activated. Therefore you must explicitly skip those tools you do not wish to run.

> For example, if you want to run AMP and ARG screening but you don't want to run DeepARG tool of the ARG workflow and the Macrel of the AMP workflow, you would define this as follows:

Reviewer: the Macrel tool

> For example, if you want to run AMP and ARG screening but you don't want to run DeepARG tool of the ARG workflow and the Macrel of the AMP workflow, you would define this as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to run AMP and ARG screening but you don't want to run the DeepARG tool of the ARG workflow and the Macrel tool of the AMP workflow, you would define this as follows:
```
